do you have credit card debt well even
if you don't I'm going to show you why
we've got to pay attention to this news
there's a big change coming out and you
need to be aware in today's video we're
going to talk not only about student
debt but we're going to look at the
credit card debt and all forms of it I'm
going to show you something that is
extremely important here and why all of
the big corporations are talking about
it right now in today's video we're also
going to cover some other aspects
related to real estate we're going to
look at what's happening with inflation
of course I want to talk about uh
basically what's happening with the
consumer overall and it is quite a shock
to some if you find Value in this video
Simply hit that thumbs up button so that
we can make sure that this is getting
out to everybody first things first can
you believe it I want to give you the
hard-hitting information right away
student loan mentions in earnings calls
is now at a record high we've never seen
anything like this before and this is a
problem do you understand why this is an
issue well first things first we got the
credit cards we've got the student loans
but I want to know if you know about the
big change that is taking place between
September and October all right we've
talked about this before if you're not
you know if you're been around this
channel for a while you you probably do
know but for those who don't right
around this time frame okay we're going
to experience a change and that is the
three-year moratorium on student loans
is ending and that means 40 million
people they've got their student loans
right now 40 million people must resume
paying those people on average have four
hundred dollar payments per month we
don't know what it's going to be
obviously but that's the average payment
400 bucks and that number is interesting
because I've seen so many different
studies that show people have around 200
to 400 left at the end of the month
and so we now have people paying 400
in addition to you know what all their
other bills that have gone up
substantially since three years ago
remember this three years ago yeah they
were in debt they were pushed to the
edge and so on but everything cost less
now their rent is higher their mortgage
is higher their energy bills are
probably higher their food prices are
definitely higher their services they
pay for a higher everything's higher and
now you stick this bill that was I mean
it's their debt now they got to pay more
on that oh my goodness okay so this is
the big thing but the point is the
companies are talking about it you might
ask yourself which companies who is most
affected by it well
um they're going to be obviously with a
consumer discretionary things people
things that people don't necessarily
need those companies are going to be hit
hardest but look let me show you
Frontier Peloton an Old Navy are among
the most exposed Brands as the student
loan payments are set to resume all I
can tell you I mean you could look at
the chart I know the font is pretty
small however if you pause it zoom in or
you can you know go go through and the
links are in the description under the
sources but essentially you're talking
about you know the Pizza Huts and you
know the all these Barnes and Nobles
Peloton all these companies the ones
that you're used to seeing
people don't need it
that's a simple matter of fact do you
need to buy another pair of jeans do you
need to buy that new clothes those new
clothes probably not and so what we're
seeing right here is the brands that are
most exposed so their stocks could take
a hit that's one aspect but at the same
time if customers are not coming in
people are going to be laid off simple
matter of fact so watch The Chain
Reaction if you personally are exposed
to this or no family members that are
maybe send them this video or send them
the links so that they can see that this
for themselves and understand why so
that they can wise up and say you know
what maybe I do have to make a change at
the end of this video we're going to
talk about the things that you need to
do personally very important stuff
life-changing stuff for some
look at what's going on with the
consumer okay consumers Consumers power
the US economy and their capacity to
spend has repeatedly defined predictions
in early 2020 after a short but severe
recession caused by what happened the
consumers splurged on Big Ticket goods
from patio furniture to flat screen TVs
home entertainment because uh you know
what they said was Revenge spending
couldn't go away okay fine I'm gonna
spend my money around here and make my
house better they renovated their homes
and so on okay now we've got a little
bit of an issue because inflation is
high and uncertainty is also high and so
here they're saying yeah the the
spending remains solid but I think
people don't realize something this is
just oh I've said it a thousand times
before you've got an issue where people
are spending a lot of money but it's on
the stuff that they spent less on before
and so you you gotta like really dig
into that to understand it I mean they
just the total dollar values or like you
know compared to the GDP and stuff
that's not what it's all about you got
to realize these companies I'll show you
I will show you in this video
the the real deal because if you're
gonna go by how are retail sales doing
today huh and you're going to get the
CNBC type of stuff do you want like do
you want that
I can tell you right now if you look at
what's popular that's what people want
if they only knew the truth it's just
like I'm sure you're watching once you
realize the truth about something you
can't walk it back
you can't walk it back I know you're in
those circumstances you've got family
you've got co-workers and friends and so
on that if you could just you know wake
them up you know that they would get out
of their Slumber but unfortunately for a
lot of people
they don't
they do not and that's that's just wild
but anyway household that is at an
all-time high but don't worry about it
because 2008 was still worse ah great
great news everybody
great news okay by some measures
Americans have never been more in the
red total credit card debts surpassed
one trillion dollars for the first time
ever this year but adjusting for
inflation oh don't worry about it 2008
was much worse you think it how you want
doesn't matter if it's worse or not that
doesn't that doesn't necessarily equate
to an event that occurs that's worse or
not worse what it means is that people
are heavily in debt credit card debt is
20 interest are you gonna take that
student loans on top of that we never
had a three-year moratorium on student
loan payments these things are coming
due
eight in ten Shoppers hit with an out of
stock item due to supply chain
disruptions now I thought when I read
this article that I was going back in
time I got Deja Vu I had I went in my
time travel machine I went back I was
like no no I'm in 2020 suddenly
apparently not apparently not because
this is going on now again and I cannot
believe it I mean I am shocked about
this stuff look more than four-fifths 82
percent of brick and mortar Shoppers say
that they experience items being out of
stock this year
so here we go I mean yes you're going to
see it's the survey yeah I get that but
it does tell you a story whether it's 82
percent whether it's 60 like whatever
it's a lot of people are experiencing it
and that shouldn't be
it shouldn't be I thought we fixed the
logistics I thought we were gonna bring
all the manufacturing back home back
home but no no okay and so
um you you see that in food industry you
see that at retail and so on you've got
clear issues which brings us to the
charts of the day how do you like them
charts remember at the end of this video
I've got some notes for you we're going
to go through what you need to do about
this don't just sit idle don't just say
ah whatever charts data yeah yeah I get
it I get it you have to take action
today and we'll talk about the steps you
can take okay here's it uh what you need
to know Asian demand is weak no wonder
Global pmis are so weak so when you look
at the um
you know basically manufacturing that
tells a story imports and exports those
tell the story as well shipping those
tell the story and we're going to look
at all that today and so you could see
it
when very clearly these are definitely
correlated and guess what the
manufacturing indexes and Asia Imports
are year over year well they have
declined now we're getting a big change
uh in the Manufacturing Index
but It ultimately remains to be seen
what happens there but the point is that
this is a signal of global weakness the
Asia big four you've got U.S mortgages
sinking to the lowest level since 1995
of course increase those interest rates
at the same time people are just kind of
waiting and seeing what the results of
all this will be are we going to head
into a recession oh who knows people are
waiting it out and inventory in the mean
and by the way Builders as talk about
right here double top in home builders
recession signal they really shouldn't
have increased in the first place
considering that they're not building as
many homes as they were before you've
got other issues too and so here we are
right this is a very unusual
circumstance with the home builders they
are you know they have increased costs
right now with their wages also the
building materials are overall up it's
not like the you know you're trying to
follow Lumber and so on no no overall
the costs are up and they're not
building the homes that they were before
so you know you try to make some sense
of that okay kind of seems a clear as
mutt as they say Zillow who had a lot of
issues
just a couple of years ago they started
to you know realize Zillow offers one
percent down payment to attract more
home buyers oh sure you put one percent
down of course but that's probably not
going to end so well so I you know
probably uh shorting Zillow might be a
good idea
mortgage demand from home buyers drops
to a 28 year low as interest rates soar
I think everybody knows about that now
let me talk about the shipping industry
as a whole very quickly but connected in
with all this is that container ships
are waiting at Asian ports as retailers
struggle to shift excess stock so I've
been telling you about this and now
here's the data it's coming through you
got to realize how how big this is it
tells a story when I bring you something
it's all interconnected it makes sense
it makes sense okay when you just piece
it all together you've got issues it's
not just China
here we go all right
there were 13 blank or canceled
container ship sailings between Asia and
Europe in July and analysts expect the
trend to continue in the coming months
Supply chains are getting more complex
retailers are sourcing for many more
locations in Asia than they used to this
is true uh depends on the type of
materials
depends how big the companies are too
truckers are accepting rates 15 to 25
below their costs
unbelievable the changes that are going
on but
I just shipped products at the highest
price I've ever done I've shipped over 4
000 products that was the highest price
I've ever had to pay which is a four to
I think it's five times the cost I was
paying a few years ago so I don't know
what what's going on with that but let
me know about these truckers because I
want to do business with them drought
affecting the Panama Canal threatens 40
percent of the world's cargo ship
traffic uh there's a lot of ships just
waiting they cannot process the ships at
the speed they used to before as a
result they got some serious issues look
you got to know what you've got to do
right now don't just sit idle don't just
you know go off with the next video take
action listen to what I got to say these
are just a couple points invest in the
skills relevant to the next 10 years
there's a lot of changes coming out we
got AI robotics
globalization's changing the full face
of the world is changing and you need to
invest in those future skills one of
those things could be to go to class
Central it is a free thing that you know
MIT Stanford all these different uh
colleges universities are giving out
free education you can get certified in
these things uh certification programs
that are free class Central so learn
about that stuff if it's some other
skill you want to learn how to sell on
Amazon or whatever I've got information
for your link in the description
find yourself around others doing what
you like sometimes that requires you to
pay a little bit of money but you got to
be around the right table it's extremely
important extremely important
um you know what they say there's a
quote I'll butcher it but it's saying if
you if you can't get at the table serve
water okay because you're going to be
the one to at least be around in
proximity of the people that means
you've got to join online groups like
The Discord that I have you got to go
anywhere you can anywhere it's going to
make a huge difference in your life look
let's be honest our family our
co-workers our friends they're oblivious
to a lot of the stuff so you gotta get
in on it okay however you can bug uh buy
excuse me companies that profit from
government and regulation so a lot of
changes are happening right now but get
in on it understand it and then you'll
be able to adapt to the circumstances
okay government makes a change new
regulation comes in that shifts the
whole landscape no those things track
those things I will try to cover more of
that if you hit that thumbs up uh you're
you're really supporting the channel
if you want to join nearly it's coming
close to 1200 like-minded people well
then come on in I've got tips on getting
out of debt on here I got tips all kinds
all different types of things so you can
come in to the Discord check it out and
then say hi or put a request through why
not let's look at really quickly at the
comment of the day I wish AAU would uh
had house price declines like China
China experienced some price declines of
like 20 percent and uh thank you very
much for that
um for your comment appreciate all the
comments I I really think it's important
to look at this stuff and realize that
things are getting serious today okay a
wild where I've got way too much
information I can't even get to all of
it but here we are if you found this
informative hit that thumbs up and I'll
see on the next one take care